_tabs/about.md, before:

---
# the default layout is 'page'
icon: fas fa-info-circle
order: 4
---

At the intersection of technology and business strategy, I leverage over 25 years of experience to drive innovation and growth.

My career spans multiple industries, where I've held key corporate leadership roles, including CTO, CEO and also founded my own ventures. In these positions, I specialized in leading technical teams, defining strategic technology roadmaps, and delivering high-impact projects. My expertise includes legacy modernization, cloud/hybrid infrastructure, data analytics, and high-availability enterprise mission-critical systems, with a constant focus on achieving business objectives.

I am also a happy Linux user since 1999, with hands-on experience in embedded Linux, kernel drivers, DevOps, and software development. I thrive on transforming complex technical challenges into strategic business advantages.

---
Beyond my professional life, I am a proud husband and father. Life is a continuous journey to find and fulfill God's purpose, and I am grateful for all the blessings and opportunities I had till now.

Commit message:

feat(ui): update blog layout and content
- Implement right-side image layout for blog posts.
- Fix company blog section logo rendering.
- Update english and spanish 'About' pages with JAAB Tech reference.
- Add image metadata to legacy and recent posts.
- Remove duplicate inline images from post bodies.
- Fix encoding issues in home layout.

_tabs/about.md, after:

---
# the default layout is 'page'
icon: fas fa-info-circle
order: 4
---

At the intersection of technology and business strategy, I leverage over 25 years of experience to drive innovation and growth.

My career spans multiple industries, where I've held key corporate leadership roles, including CTO, CEO and also founded my own ventures. In these positions, I specialized in leading technical teams, defining strategic technology roadmaps, and delivering high-impact projects. My expertise includes legacy modernization, cloud/hybrid infrastructure, data analytics, and high-availability enterprise mission-critical systems, with a constant focus on achieving business objectives.

I am also a happy Linux user since 1999, with hands-on experience in embedded Linux, kernel drivers, DevOps, and software development. I thrive on transforming complex technical challenges into strategic business advantages.

Currently, I am focused on building [JAAB Tech](https://jaab.tech/), a boutique consultancy helping companies in Latin America optimize their technology operations and mitigate risks in legacy environments.

---
Beyond my professional life, I am a proud husband and father. Life is a continuous journey to find and fulfill God's purpose, and I am grateful for all the blessings and opportunities I had till now.
